gh-141004: Document soft-deprecated symbols (#141634)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/set.rst

   Empty an existing set of all elements. Return ``0`` on
   success. Return ``-1`` and raise :exc:`SystemError` if *set* is not an instance of
   :class:`set` or its subtype.

Deprecated API
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. c:macro:: PySet_MINSIZE

   This is a :term:`soft deprecated` constant representing the size of a
   preallocated table inside :c:type:`PySetObject` instances.

   This is documented solely for completeness and not useful to users in any

>    way. If looking for the size of a set, use :c:func:`PySet_Size` instead.

Reviewer: > what is a user supposed to do if they find PySet_MINSIZE somewhere?

This is indeed not obvious. All the more reason for the docs to mention it, if we want to add docs.

What about something like:

```suggestion
   A :term:`soft deprecated` constant representing the size of an internal
   preallocated table inside :c:type:`PySetObject` instances.

   This is documented solely for completeness, as there are no guarantees
   that a given version of CPython uses preallocated tables with a fixed
   size.
   In code that does not deal with unstable set internals, 
   :c:macro:`!PySet_MINSIZE` can be replaced with a small constant like ``8``.

   If looking for the size of a set, use :c:func:`PySet_Size` instead.
   
   .. deprecated:: next
      The constant is :term:`soft deprecated`.
```

Author: I'm not too fond of using `.. deprecated` for this, because the `next` (or whatever version we put in there) would imply that it's fine to use for earlier versions. We don't want people using this on *any* version.

Reviewer: That's fair.
On the other hand, without ``.. deprecated``, automated tools won't be able to tell that these are deprecated.

Author: Unfortunately, I don't think our documentation is sufficient for automated tools yet. (For example, we document a bunch of macros as functions, which would break if used to generate bindings.) I do agree that we should eventually get C API documentation to that point, but that's a project I plan to work on once #141004 is done.

Reviewer: I still think ``.. deprecated`` is better in the mean time. But I won't block the PR on that :)

Reviewer: What about the other suggestions?

Author: Ah, sorry, I thought you were just reformatting.
